README.rst, before:

Tapz
----

Tapz is an analytics engine that collects, stores and displays any data
related to your website's operations. In theory, any type of metrics could be
stored within Tapz, but we've only focused on a few use cases thus far:
Exception reporting and Slow view times.

Tapz was inspired from an idea of using Redis (or another backend) to
run an OLAP (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Online_analytical_processing)
service.


Requirements
------------

Tapz needs a place to store the event data that it collects. While the storage
backends are technically pluggable, the only one that we've tested with is
Redis. You'll need a Redis instance running on localhost play with Tapz. We've
included a sample .rdb (Redis database) file in /example_project that has
generated data. You can also generate your own set of data using the
"generate_test_data" script in /test_project.

To log events, Tapz uses Celery to ensure it doesn't block your application.
You'll need a compatible message queue that Celery can talk to if you wish
to log events.

Tapz includes the middleware (tapz.errors.middleware.ErrorPanelMiddleware) to
automatically track exceptions that your application raises. Simply include
it within your Django MIDDLEWARE_CLASSES for Tapz to start logging exception
data.


Tests
-----

To run the tests just do::
    
    python setup.py test

or run::

    nosetests

from withing the repo root.

Commit message:

updated pip requirements and more docs

README.rst, after:

Tapz
----

Tapz is an analytics engine that collects, stores and displays any data
related to your website's operations. In theory, any type of metrics could be
stored within Tapz, but we've only focused on a few use cases thus far:
Exception reporting and Slow view times.

Tapz was inspired from an idea of using Redis (or another backend) to
run an OLAP (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Online_analytical_processing)
service.


Requirements
------------

All Python dependencies can be installed by either running setuptools or 
pip using the requirements.txt file in /tapz. Once you have the dependencies
installed, you can run Tapz locally with our example project. Change to the
/example_project directory and run ./manage.py runserver.

Tapz needs a place to store the event data that it collects. While the storage
backends are technically pluggable, the only one that we've tested with is
Redis. You'll need a Redis instance running on localhost to play with Tapz.
We've included a sample .rdb (Redis database) file in /example_project that
has generated data. You can also generate your own set of data using the
"generate_test_data" script in /test_project.

To log events, Tapz uses Celery to ensure it doesn't block your application.
You'll need a compatible message queue that Celery can talk to if you wish
to log events.

Tapz includes the middleware (tapz.errors.middleware.ErrorPanelMiddleware) to
automatically track exceptions that your application raises. Simply include
it within your Django MIDDLEWARE_CLASSES for Tapz to start logging exception
data.


Tests
-----

To run the tests just do::
    
    python setup.py test

or run::

    nosetests

from withing the repo root.
